I'm not saying that to just be
provocative that's really the conclusion
of come to that's the way we want it to
go because it's about abundance and
giving people options as to how they
want to pursue veganism you know it's
not that we want the thing to go down I
don't know a lot of people are out there
wanting you know feeling Holly to fail
and I want imbibers of you disappear but
this right is not what is about so look
don't disagree they're gonna go a step
further there is such an irony here
because I have so much in common with
the people who hate me in Chiang Mai I
did long-distance cycling I used to do
more than a hundred kilometres a day in
Thailand I short period time you didn't
do no no no but it's not the meaning of
life for me but I have that experience I
rode my bike from VN shonda chiang mai
one time vincenza capital city of Laos
so that was going west into the
mountains I don't remember but yet going
along the Mekong River really curvy road
and up and down hills beautiful very
memorable very hard trip anyway but you
say sir I've done long distance cycling
I've lived in that part of Asia I've
lived in Thailand and even I really have
considered opening a small hotel at
several points but I'm still like in the
future it's possible do that it's
possible I will live a life
fundamentally no but that's i was gonna
say i'm not so different from Joe best
you know in the near future I could be
living in a situation not so different
from Joe best in a lot of ways
fundamentally I should be an ally of
these people we were natural friends not
natural enemies we all want to support
veganism and the abolition of animal
agriculture of some kind you know
there's so much common ground there and
yet you see this hostility and
infighting and you know again like
there's always question i'm not i'm not
opposed to compromise but what would any
of us get from compromise hania the
reason why the example painting is so
significant is that hey yeah for my
compromise with freely ordering writer I
think this the significance of hannah
has experienced the reason why so many
people react what happened aha yeah is
that Hannah shows that it's it's useless
to compromise
no matter how flattering you are or how
polite you are what happened to hanging
out will happen to you know already we
already saw it happened to a whole bunch
of other people but I mean I just say
the example of chania is telling so so
that no compromise is possible No so oh
but no but I don't want them to fail
sure like dial back to 2013 or something
I would have absolutely have nothing
could be better for me than if there was
a cosmopolitan vegan movement based in
chiang mai thailand they'll be
incredibly convenient for me i'm gonna
if i'm going to move back to kunming now
which is my plan I could easily visit
and participate and be part of the
chiang mai seen it would be great for me
Sarah of anyone in the world i speak the
language there i don't know i don't know
no [ __ ] does anyone in the chiang mai
scene actually speak Thai does anyone in
the chain my scene actually speak Thai I
don't know even yeah I don't know if
even one example but I do so I mean for
me sure I could have in theory I could
have opened a hotel like Joe best I
could have gotten involved in as heavily
and in theory I still could if it wasn't
you know self-destructing already sure
this could have been something really
positive in my life personally and I
could have contributed to what they're
trying to do / you know in theory having
a guy like me around who speaks Thai and
wants to help maybe I could help more
than Joe best maybe not I'm you know but
nobody's saying this is just illustrate
like there there is no inevitable
hostility here not you know like there's
no force of nature that separates us and
makes us enemies and again hannya proves
it what you know and I think Henny will
fight if I came on and made a video
about why I think you shouldn't eat
hummus like you know this is the effect
homeless has had in my life let's take
in the background like a ghost oh we
were just talking about hummus